README.md, before:

# Penguin Game

Game made by Antoni Jesień, Aleksander Jędrzejowski and Balcı Ali Çağan

----

The games is based on "It's my fish!", and made as a semestral group project for EPFU on CS I semester at WUT, [Poland](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9PzYuVwCSE).

### File structure:
 - **Board**     - board generation
 - **Placement** - first action of the game, placing the player on the best possible spot
 - **Movement**  - repeatable action - moving to the next best spot
 - **GUI**       - User Interface

All of the directories have their own .md file, which explains in detail inner workings of the parts


### To do:

##### Board
 - [x] Basic board generation
 - [ ] Fish spawning
 - [ ] Allowing user to tinker with internal values

##### Placement
 - [ ] Placing the player
 - [ ] Finding the best possible place to start the game - various tactics
 - [ ] Incorporating those tactics into one plan

##### Movement
 - [ ] Moving the player and updating the board
 - [ ] Finding the best possible moves - various tactics
 - [ ] Following those tactics through the game

##### GUI
 - [ ] Visualise the look of UI
 - [ ] Simple & basic prototype
 - [ ] Incorporating all of the tinkering features into UI

**Additionally:**
All of the moves need to have interactive and autonomous mode.

Commit message:

Enables player movement & README update
Player movement - `Board/move_player.c`
Save and print board - `Board/board.c`
`Board/BOARD.md` and `README.md` update

README.md, after:

# Penguin Game

Game made by Antoni Jesień, Aleksander Jędrzejowski and Balcı Ali Çağan

----

The games is based on "It's my fish!", and made as a semestral group project for EPFU on CS I semester at WUT, [Poland](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9PzYuVwCSE).

### File structure:
 - **Board**     - board generation
 - **Placement** - first action of the game, placing the player on the best possible spot
 - **Movement**  - repeatable action - moving to the next best spot
 - **GUI**       - User Interface

All of the directories have their own .md file, which explains in detail inner workings of the parts

The project is compiled using CMake (> 3.10). To run:

Start from main project directory

```
mkdir build             // Creates a build/ folder

cmake -S . -B build     // Configures CMake to use the build/ folder while sourcing files from main project directory

make -C build           // Compiles the project into `game` file
```

----

### To do:

##### Board
 - [x] Basic board generation
 - [x] Fish spawning
 - [ ] Updating the board after player moves
 - [ ] Allowing user to tinker with internal values

##### Placement
 - [ ] Placing the player
 - [ ] Finding the best possible place to start the game - various tactics
 - [ ] Incorporating those tactics into one plan

##### Movement
 - [ ] Moving the player and updating the board
 - [ ] Finding the best possible moves - various tactics
 - [ ] Following those tactics through the game

##### GUI
 - [ ] Visualise the look of UI
 - [ ] Simple & basic prototype
 - [ ] Incorporating all of the tinkering features into UI

**Additionally:**
All of the moves need to have interactive and autonomous mode.
